README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Customized readme for better setup steps

README.md, after:

## Are You Ready for Illumicon?

![Pikachu suitcase with wheels on the bottom](/public/images/pikachu-luggage.jpeg "Pikachu suitcase")


This is a little demo application to play around with Next.js, Typescript, Strapi, RabbitMQ and Tailwind.

**Getting Started**

1. `nvm use` (or I use [fpm](https://github.com/Schniz/fnm) personally) to get on the right Node version
1. `npm install` or `yarn install` (I kinda jumped back and forth throughout dev depending on whether or not I was getting `engine` complaints)
1. Strapi needs to be running and you'll need it setup like...
    1. Create an api token created.
    1. You'll need an `island` type, with the plural of `islands` that has just `name` (text) and `type` (text) as the propeties
    1. You'll also need a `marketing-copy` single that is just one rich text field called `copy`
1. Have RabbitMQ running
1. copy `env.local.example` over to `.env` and fill out the details (with stuff from the preveious steps)
1. `npm start` or `yarn start` will run the instance, however, it is setup to work with `ssg` so `npm build` or `yarn build` will also **Make a static site**
